c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\BookShop.Common.dll
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\BookShop.Common.pdb
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\BookShop.Data.dll
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\BookShop.Data.Sql.dll
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\BookShop.Models.dll
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\BookShop.Data.Sql.pdb
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\BookShop.Data.pdb
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\BookShop.Models.pdb
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\obj\Release\BookShop.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\obj\Release\BookShop.Common.dll
c:\Users\Michal\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\obj\Release\BookShop.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\BookShop.Common.dll.config
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Release\PagedList.xml
