c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.Sql.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Models.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.Sql.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Models.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll.config
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Michal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll.config
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.Sql.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Models.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.Sql.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\GitHub\BookShop\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll.config
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.Sql.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Models.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.Sql.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll.config
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.Sql.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Models.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.Sql.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\BookShop.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.dll
C:\Users\Michal\Documents\Projekty\bookshop_stary\BookShop.Common\obj\Debug\BookShop.Common.pdb
